I want to play Minecraft.
Start playing Minecraft with my right hand.
Place a block down.
I love Minecraft.
hold my fist to place a block down.
i want to pass the ball when i have my fist up.
i  want to kick the ball when i kick in real life.
i want to activate mario with my left hand.
I want to cast a spell with an index pinch.
Block attacks with a thumb index pinch.
Use the index pinch to interact with objects.
To crouch just do a thumbs up.
Rotate item with a three fingers pinch.
I want to jump using three fingers.
I want to walk in game when I show a fist.
In Pokemon.
do.
three fingers to destroy.
I want to place down a block when I do index pinch.
Please start Rocket League.
I use my left hand for navigation.
clench a fist to boost speed.
making a kicking motion to shoot the ball towards the goal.
Start body points mode.
Run desktop mode.
Activate double pinch click.
Begin driving mode.
Switch to force field.
Start gun move.
Activate head drive mode.
Run hit trigger mode.
Begin inking mode.
Switch to joystick mode.
Start minecraft elbows.
Activate mouse options.
Run navigation mode.
Begin nlp mode.
Switch to nose scroll.
Start pinch click mode.
Switch to scroll navigation.
Run rocket league.
I want to jump when I pose thumb down.
start body points mode with my right hand.
start desktop mode with my left hand.
start desktop mode with my left hand to move the mouse and a left index pinch to left click.
I want to play rocket league and use my left elbow to left click.
I want to play rocket league and use my right elbow to click space.
Attach left click to my right elbow.
Attach right click to me right elbow.
Attach the mouse to my hand.
I want to play rocket league and move left with my left elbow.
I want to play rocket league and move right with my right elbow.
I want to play rocket league and press space with my right hand.
play rocket league with my left hand to click the mouse.
switch to rocket league and use my left hand to left click the mouse.
activate rocket league and use my left hand to right click.
Start rocket league and press shift with my right elbow.
play minecraft and left click with my fist.
play rocket league and right click with my left elbow.
Play Minecraft with my right hand.
Play Minecraft with my left hand.
Start Minecraft using my right hand to control the mouse.
Start Minecraft using my left hand to control the mouse.
Start Minecraft using an index pinch to right click the mouse.
Start Minecraft using an index pinch to left click the mouse.
I want to play pokemon and walk up when I make a fist.
I want to play pokemon and walk down when I make a fist.
I want to play pokemon and walk left when I make a fist.
I want to play pokemon and walk right when I make a fist.
I want to play pokemon and walk up when I make a fist with my right hand.
I want to play pokemon and walk down when I make a fist with my right hand.
I want to play pokemon and walk left when I make a fist with my right hand.
I want to play pokemon and walk right when I make a fist with my right hand.
I want to play pokemon and walk up when I make a fist with my left hand.
I want to play pokemon and walk down when I make a fist with my left hand.
I want to play pokemon and walk left when I make a fist with my left hand.
I want to play pokemon and walk right when I make a fist with my left hand.
I want to play tetris and rotate the piece when I make a fist.
I want to play tetris and move the piece left when I make a fist.
I want to play tetris and move the piece right when I make a fist.
I want to play tetris and move the piece down when I make a fist.
I want to play tetris and hold the piece when I make a fist.
I want to play tetris and drop the piece when I make a fist.
I want to play tetris and save the piece when I make a fist with my right hand.
I want to play tetris and rotate the piece when I thwip with my right hand.
I want to play tetris and move the piece left when I thwip with my left hand.
I want to play tetris and move the piece right when I thwip with my left hand.
I want to play tetris and when I move my hand forward the piece moves down.
I want to play tetris and when I move my hand back the piece moves up.
I want to play tetris and when I pinch my thumb and index finger the piece rotates.
I want to play tetris and when I do a peace sign the piece moves left.
I want to play tetris and when I do a thumbs up the piece moves right.
I want to play tetris and when I do a strong punch the piece holds.
I want to play tetris and when I do a strong punch hold the piece.
I want to play tetris and hold the piece when I do a thwip.
I want to play tetris and when I hold three fingers up the piece drops.
I want to play tetris and hold the piece when I lift my pinky finger.
I want to play tetris and drop the piece when I lift my pinky finger.
I want to play tetris and save the piece when I shoot a gun.
I want to play tetris and rotate the piece when I do a gun pose.
I want to play tetris and move the piece left when I do a gun pose.
Start Tetris.
Start Tetris and when I make a fist rotate piece.
Start Tetris and when I make a fist rotate the piece.
Start Tetris and when I do a thumbs up release the piece.
Start Tetris and when I do a thumbs up release piece.
I want to play the dino game and when I pinch my thumb and index finger then jump.
I want to play the dino game and when I pinch my thumb and index finger jump.
I want to play dino game when I make a fist then crouch.
I want to play dino game crouch when I make a fist.
I want to play dino game please jump when when I Pinch my index and thumb.
I want to play dino game jump when I pinch my index and thumb.
I want to play dinosaur game.
Play Dino game.
play dinosaur game.
Open dino Game.
Open Dinosaur game and when I make a fist then crouch.
Open Dinosaur game and when I pinch my Index finger then Jump.
Open Dinosaur game and when I make a three finger pinch Jump.
Open Dinosaur game when I make a three finger pinch Jump.
Open Dinosaur game Jump when I make a three finger pinch.
Play Dinosaur game and when I make a fist then crouch.
Play Dinosaur game and when I pinch my Index finger then Jump.
Play Dinosaur game and when I make a three finger pinch Jump.
Play Dinosaur game when I make a three finger pinch Jump.
Play Dinosaur game Jump when I make a three finger pinch.
Start Dinosaur game and when I make a fist then crouch.
Start Dinosaur game and when I pinch my Index finger then Jump.
Start Dinosaur game and when I make a three finger pinch Jump.
Start Dinosaur game when I make a three finger pinch Jump.
Start Dinosaur game Jump when I make a three finger pinch.
Move up when I point up.
Move up when I point up with two fingers.
Move up when I make a peace sign.
Go up when I point up.
Go up when I point up with two fingers.
Go up when I make a peace sign.
Walk up when I point up.
Walk up when I point up with two fingers.
Walk up when I make a peace sign.
Move down when I pinch.
Move down when I do an Index Pinch.
Move down when I do a three finger pinch.
Move down when I pinch with three fingers.
Move down on an Index Pinch.
Move down on a thumb and index finger pinch.
Move down on a thumb and index pinch.
Go down when I pinch.
Go down when I do an Index Pinch.
Go down when I do a three finger pinch.
Go down when I pinch with three fingers.
Go down on an Index Pinch.
Go down on a thumb and index finger pinch.
Go down on a thumb and index pinch.
Walk down when I pinch.
Walk down when I do an Index Pinch.
Walk down when I do a three finger pinch.
Walk down when I pinch with three fingers.
Walk down on an Index Pinch.
Walk down on a thumb and index finger pinch.
Walk down on a thumb and index pinch.
Move left when I open my thumb.
Move left when I release my thumb.
Move left when I make a thumbs up.
Go left when I open my thumb.
Go left when I release my thumb.
Go left when I make a thumbs up.
Walk left when I open my thumb.
Walk left when I release my thumb.
Walk left when I make a thumbs up.
Move right when I open my pinky.
Move right when I release my pinky.
Move right when I pinky is up.
Go right when I open my pinky.
Go right when I release my pinky.
Go right when I pinky is up.
Walk right when I open my pinky.
Walk right when I release my pinky.
Walk right when pinky is up.
Walk right when my pinky is up.
Move left when I open my thumb with my right hand.
Move left when I release my thumb with my right hand.
Move left when I make a thumbs up with my right hand.
Go left when I open my thumb with my right hand.
Go left when I release my thumb with my right hand.
Go left when I make a thumbs up with my right hand.
Walk left when I open my thumb with my right hand.
Walk left when I release my thumb with my right hand.
Walk left when I make a thumbs up with my right hand.
Move right when I open my pinky with my right hand.
Move right when I release my pinky with my right hand.
Move right when I pinky is up with my right hand.
Go right when I open my pinky with my right hand.
Go right when I release my pinky with my right hand.
Go right when I pinky is up with my right hand.
Walk right when I open my pinky with my right hand.
Walk right when I release my pinky with my right hand.
Walk right when pinky is up with my right hand.
Walk right when my pinky is up with my right hand.
Move right when I open my thumb with my left hand.
Move right when I release my thumb with my left hand.
Move right when I make a thumbs up with my left hand.
Go right when I open my thumb with my left hand.
Go right when I release my thumb with my left hand.
Go right when I make a thumbs up with my left hand.
Walk right when I open my thumb with my left hand.
Walk right when I release my thumb with left hand.
Walk right when I make a thumbs up with left hand.
Move left when I open my pinky with my left hand.
Move left when I release my pinky with my left hand.
Move left when I pinky is up with my left hand.
Go left when I open my pinky with my left hand.
Go left when I release my pinky with my left hand.
Go left when I pinky is up with my left hand.
Walk left when I open my pinky with my left hand.
Walk left when I release my pinky with my left hand.
Walk left when pinky is up with my left hand.
Walk left when my pinky is up with my left hand.
Control the mouse with my hand.
Control the mouse with my left hand.
Control the mouse with my right hand.
Control the mouse with my wrist.
Control the mouse with my right wrist.
Control the mouse with my left wrist.
Control the mouse with my elbow.
Control the mouse with my right elbow.
Control the mouse with my left elbow.
Control the mouse with my nose.

